Update device-lost-mode.md (#3838)
MicrosoftDocs/memdocs: memdocs/intune/remote-actions/device-lost-mode.md

6. Select **OK** to save your changes.

When you enable lost mode, all use of the device is blocked. The end user cannot access the device until you disable lost mode. While lost mode is enabled, use the [Locate device](device-locate.md) action to find the device.

> [!NOTE]
> Some built-in device functionalities may still work, e.g., Siri may be used to make calls unless it is disabled. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

> [!NOTE]
> Some built-in device functionalities may still work, for example, Siri may still be used to make calls unless it is disabled.
```
